support custom label selector in kubernetes_sd_configs (#5920)
grafana/loki: docs/sources/clients/promtail/configuration.md

namespaces:
  names:
    [ - <string> ]

> # Optional label and field selectors to limit the discovery process to a subset of available resources.
> # See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/field-selectors/
> # and https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ to learn more about the possible
> # filters that can be used. The endpoints role supports pod, service and endpoints selectors.
> # Roles only support selectors matching the role itself (e.g. node role can only contain node selectors).
> 
> # Note: When making decision about using field/label selector make sure that this
> # is the best approach - it will prevent Promtail from reusing single list/watch
> # for all scrape configs. This might result in a bigger load on the Kubernetes API,
> # because per each selector combination there will be additional LIST/WATCH. On the other hand,
> # if you just want to monitor small subset of pods in large cluster it's recommended to use selectors.
> # Decision, if selectors should be used or not depends on the particular situation.

Reviewer: Line length needs to be such that we don't need a horizontal scroll bar.

```suggestion
# Optional label and field selectors to limit the discovery process to a subset of available
#  resources. See
# https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/field-selectors/
# and https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ to learn
# more about the possible filters that can be used. The endpoints role supports pod,
# service, and endpoint selectors. Roles only support selectors matching the role itself;
# for example, the node role can only contain node selectors.
# Note: When making decisions about using field/label selectors, make sure that this
# is the best approach. It will prevent Promtail from reusing single list/watch
# for all scrape configurations. This might result in a bigger load on the Kubernetes API,
# because for each selector combination, there will be additional LIST/WATCH.
# On the other hand, if you want to monitor a small subset of pods of a large cluster,
# we recommend using selectors. The decision on the use of selectors or not depends
# on the particular situation.
```
